# SNHU Design Patterns

#### Project Overview/Analysis
This section contains a software design document and a prototype of the game application showcasing how the client can offer their game, the client being *The Gaming Room*. They want to develop a web-based game that serves multiple platforms based on their current game, Draw It or Lose It, which is currently available in an Android app only. The staff at The Gaming Room does not know how to set up the environment so I must step in to facilitate the development of the web-based version of the gaming app by preparing a software design document and beginning development on the game application, addressing their software requirements.

I think I did well summarizing the objective of the design and what design constraints would need to be taken into consideration. This was helpful for me in understanding why we were utilizing the design patterns we did and how each pattern affected the overall architecture of the application. If I had a little more time and a little more experience I would definitely like to revisit the Evaluation section for the Development Requirements. I feel like it was hard for me to ascertain what each platform's strengths and weaknesses were because there are a lot of opinionated articles about each operating system. So maybe with more experience, I could see for myself how each OS works and form my own opinion or with more time I could find more neutral scholarly articles/documents that reviewed the different operating systems with less bias. 

The most important thing I had to consider when developing the document was the user's needs. I made sure to mention this when overviewing the design constraints as well as in the recommendations section so that anyone overlooking the document would know how the end-user influenced certain decisions. For instance, users will likely be connected to each other over the internet since this will be a multiplayer game, with that in mind, there are security and network concerns that need to be accounted for early on before it becomes a problem when the application is launched. At the end of the day, when the application is built the end-user's opinion will be the most important and if we don't consider them while we design the application then we could potentially make something that noone wants to use or is too difficult for them to use.

If I had to design a similar application, I would definitely build off of some of the things I've learned from this one but also as mentioned earlier, make sure I had more time to go more in depth with my research on different operating platforms. I would also probably try to have conversations with the management, development and, design team along the way to make sure my recommendations are in line with what they feel they can accomplish.
